Assignment No.1

1.What is your understanding of Blockchain?
Ans. A blockchain is a database that is shared across a network of computers.Once a record has been 
added to the chain it is very difficult to change.To ensure all the copies of the database are the same,
the network maakes constant cheks.Blockchain have been used to underpin cyber currencies like 
bitcoin,but many other possible uses are emerging.

2.What is the core problem Blockchain trying to solve?
Ans.A blockchain increases the security and transparency of information stored within a database
and enables trustless trust when it comes to run programs based on this data.

3.What are the few features which Blockchain will give you?
Ans. i. Data stored in Blockchain is immutable and cannot be changed easily.
      ii. Blockchain is decentralized as well as an open ledger.Ledger is the record of the transaction
          done and because it is visible to everyone, therefore is called an open ledger.
     iii. Blockchain provide a peer to peer network.This characteristics of blockchain allows the 
          transactions to involve only two parties,the sender and receiver.

4.What all things does a Block contain?
Ans. Blocks are files where data pertaining to the Bitcoin network are permanently recorded.
A block records some or all of the most recent Bitcoin transactions that have not yet entered 
any prior blocks.Thus,a block is like a page of a ledger or record book.Each time a block is 
completed,it gives way to the next block in the blockchain.A block is thus a permanent store
of records which, once written, cannot be altered or removed.

5.How is the verifiability of Blockchain has been attained?
Ans. The technology at the heart of bitcoin and other virtual currencies,blockchain is an 
open,distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and in a
verifiable and permanent way. The ledger itself can also be programmed to trigger transactionsautomatically.



